All right welcome back my students.
I wanted to start this video with his view so that way you can you know feel this refreshment in your
mind and get ready to learn some really cool stuff with migrations.
Right.
So let's open our editor.
All right whatever it is it doesn't matter which other editor you use even though I would love you to
use BHB song which is really cool guys is one of the best ideas out there.
It's not an editor is just an ID.
Integrated Development Environment.
We have a whole bunch of features here and are really cool.
But anyway so now that you know how to migrate our migration files and I wanted to start this video
away from the migration file.
So the way you learn where it is.
So remember we open our folder we go to database make sense right and then we go to migrations and then
we find the right here we just double click on it.
And this is where we have our files right or glasses.
Right.
So like I said now that you know how to migrate Let's actually create a migration from scratch which
is really cool I think right.
Let's just come here and clear answer right.
And then let's create a migration So how do we create a migration I remember when I told you how to
use this tool BHB artisan and how to get information out of it.
Just type BHB already sending enter and then you can see everything that you can all the commands and
we're going to be using this command migrate and we create the command are like this.
You write the command migrate and then a colon and then after you tell it what you want to do.
So in the case of migration we just say migrate any we migrate to database.
But if we want to make a migration we're going to have to use the make command right here.
And we can make whatever we want.
So we're going to make a migration right guys and ladies of course.
So let's clear this again clear enter.
And now let's say BHP artisan right make call in migration.
Right now I want you to pay very close attention to this.
We have the name of that migration.
I want you to follow this convention because this is the convention that Larabee uses right Largo developers
uses all lowercase and we separate each word by a underscore or dash y.
So we're going to make a migration we're going to call this we've got to we've got to use this create
pools table.
You see that all right now we've got to use a flag.
All right.
We're going to say two hyphens there and we're going to say create and then we're going to do this equal
symbol and then whatever we want so I'm going to put in double cords and we can say I'm going to create
a table name pause.
So I hope you see the convention the way this is created bitchery artisan make call it migration.
And then the name or the actual description or how you want your migrations to be named are-I create
Post table a little flag here to tell Claribel to take a toll.
This command line tool that we want to create a table name pools then we click enter.
And now all we have to do is click back here and you should see that migration there very soon.
In your case it might be just there right now.
For some reason the mining
is taking a little bit of time in my
right here.
There we go.
I'm having a.
I have a lot of monitors around me and a lot of things running so it takes a little bit for this to
work in depends on the memory that you're using and how fast your computer is on times.
But anyway did you see that migration right here and we click double click it out of the box.
We have we have some boilerplate try we have some information already.
We have the USB meant that the down meant that we have the name of the table we have the column we have
an incremental ID column automatically and we have some time stamp that created and updated at right
.
Pretty cool stuff right.
So now I'm going to use the object right dependency injection.
Right here you see that this object just like I explain to you a video or two years ago.
Table and then what you did that I want on the next column I want to have a string named what title
because I'm creating a pool table.
Then I want another one on one.
Whoops I want to create a body of my polls and I'm going to use tetch for this.
All right.
Because that would mean that I am going to have a rock.
I'm going to write a lot of tats.
So that could be the body.
Right.
And if I wanted the title to be unique I'd just do this unique and use right.
I could do that.
There's a lot of things there are little functions that you can use there's another function call all
of all there are many of them and you can look it up on the beach be not happy to be dot net on the
Lero Bill dot com Web site an honorable are-I we have default.
So if you wanted the full value on it you can do that.
All right.
You can do and sign for integers.
I mean you name it they have it.
Pretty cool stuff.
So now that I have my definition here for the table.
All right.
I'm going to I'm going to migrate it so BHB areason migrate enter.
There we go.
Now migrate.
Oh I have to do is go back to BHB my admin and find they there.
All right.
So now I want you to go to BICI my admin and make sure that that was there.
So I'm going to actually traveling there myself well not traveling.
Let's go and find it right here.
Claribel see a mess.
And as you can see we've got the pool table where of all these fields which is pretty cool.
Hey guys.
Now let's say I won.
I change my mind and want to edit this table.
I don't have to come here to structure and change it.
I don't have to do that with my Laro bell.
Awesome framework.
What I got to do is I go BHP Moriarty's Arrison.
All right.
Migrate Kallen roll back.
Enter now we roll back the post.
That was the last one we did.
So this rolls back or it deletes that table that leads to the last migration that you did.
So now if I go to PHM my admin and I refresh this let's go to Claribel see a mess and you can see the
post table was not is nowhere to be found.
Pretty cool right.
I can also do.
Now we can edit this and you call this content.
All right.
And now I can press my upkeep my keyboard and BHB autism migrate again Antar.
Now if I refresh we can see that we have the pool table again with new change.
Right.
Pretty cool guys.
Pretty pretty cool.
All right.
So in the next lecture we're going to learn some more stuff about migration and I hope you have a lot
of fun here.
I hope you see the usefulness how useful it is to use migrations are I.
You don't have to travel back and forth and you know if you are working with a team is very easy for
you to give them the application and let them create it you know put it in their projects migrate the
tables instead of creating the tables from Peachtree my admin or manually having to configure that right
.
You already defined that here in the application and once you give it to them they can just migrate
in they have their tables.
Pretty cool.
Anyway thank you so much for watching.
Next lecture we are going to be learning some more cool stuff all right.
So keep active.
Get your coffee.
If you don't drink coffee get a natural energy drink and keep it up you learning really good stuff here
.
Guys feel proud.
Take care